[backend] document commitfilelist command (#9253)
openSUSE/open-build-service: docs/api/api/api.txt

  onlyissues: used to limit to issues (for diff commands)
  setrelease: define a specific release tag when used with "release" command. Setting it to "-" strips
              the release string.
  withvrev: copy also the vrev counter of the revision

POST /source/<project>/<package>?cmd=commitfilelist

>   commit defined files in upload revision

Reviewer: This sounds like this API call would result in a commit being created, but I thought that wasn't the case here?

Author: it creates a commit, yes

Reviewer: Ah, in that case we should also mention the parameter `comment` here.

Author: right, added

>   Requires a directory xml providing file name and md5 as body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Requires a directory xml providing file names and md5 hashes as the body.
```

>   It is recommended to use withvalidate parameter and send also additional the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is recommended to use the withvalidate parameter and to additionally send the
```

>   sha256 in "hash" attribute for security reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  sha256 hash in the "hash" attribute of each directory entry for security reasons.
```
